# Description:
A simple Skyblock. Includes all the essentials, such as land protection, island generation, co-op, and more, along with some optional extras such as Economy, Trading, Island Chat Channels and more, all of which can be disabled for maximum customization.

# Commands:
- /island: Main command. Includes sub-commands such as /is help, /is visit [player], /is reset, /is home, /is sethome, /is settings (you can disable island visiting here)
- /balance: Shows how much money a player has
- /pay <player> <amount>: Pay a player some money
- /fly: Enable / disable flying
- /trade <player>: Trade with a player
- /shout <message>: Shout to the whole server.
# Permissions:
- skyblock.island: includes all /island commands and subcommands
- skyblock.economy: includes /balance and /pay commands
- skyblock.fly: includes /fly command
- skyblock.shout: includes /shout commands
- skyblock.trade: includes /trade commands
# Installation:
Plop it into your plugins folder, then after first run you will be able to edit the config.yml to your liking. If you would like the Skyblock world to be your default world (the "level-name" declared in server.properties) you will need to add the following to "bukkit.yml"
```
worlds:
  world:
    generator: SimpleSkyblock
```
If you want it to be a separate world, there is no need to add this to the bukkit.yml, and this will be handled for you automagically. You do not need a plugin like Multiverse, the world will be generated and players can travel to it without it. Plugins like Multiverse can still be used, just make sure to set the generator to SimpleSkyblock.
Pay special attention when editing config.yml, because some of the settings require specific values or they wont work, like "BIOME". A list of all the settings and their descriptions are listed below.

# config.yml:
```
BIOME: PLAINS
WORLD: world
CHAT_PREFIX: §7[§bSKYBLOCK§7] §r
ISLAND_HEIGHT: 70
ISLAND_WIDTH: 400
ISLAND_DEPTH: 400
LIMIT_X: 25000
LIMIT_Z: 25000
STARTING_MONEY: 500.0
GENERATE_ORES: true
INFINITE_RESETS: false
USE_CHATROOMS: true
USE_ECONOMY: true
VOID_INSTANT_DEATH: true
DISABLE_PLAYER_COLLISIONS: true
CHEST_ITEMS:
- LAVA_BUCKET:1
- ICE:2
- SUGAR_CANE:1
- RED_MUSHROOM:1
- BROWN_MUSHROOM:1
- PUMPKIN_SEEDS:1
- MELON:1
- CACTUS:1
- COBBLESTONE:16
GENERATOR_ORES:
- COAL_ORE:2.5
- IRON_ORE:2.5
- GOLD_ORE:.2
- DIAMOND_ORE:.2
- LAPIS_ORE:.2
- REDSTONE_ORE:1.5
- EMERALD_ORE:.1
- OBSIDIAN:.05
- STONE:45.875
- COBBLESTONE:45.875
KILL_MONEY:
- Default:0
- Monster:3
- Animals:1
- CREEPER:5
- ENDERMAN:10
- ZOMBIE:2
LEVEL_PTS:
- Default:1
- COBBLESTONE:0.1
- SAPLING:50
data:
  nextIsland:
    x: -25000
    y: 70
    z: -25000
  toClear: []
  ```

- "BIOME" is the biome which the empty world which is created will be. It must be one of the ones on this list, or it will throw a nasty error.
- "WORLD" is the world in which Skyblock islands will generate.
- "CHAT_PREFIX" is the prefix of skyblock in the chat. By default it is [SKYBLOCK] with some fancy colors.
- "ISLAND_HEIGHT" is the height of the islands from the bottom of the world, has nothing to do with the plot claiming.
- "ISLAND_WIDTH" and "ISLAND_DEPTH" will determine how big of a plot to claim. The island will be in the center
- The limits ("LIMIT_X" and "LIMIT_Z" are how far in the world islands will generate. It will generate them row by row in the x direction, from -LIMIT_X to LIMIT_X, then -LIMIT_Z to LIMIT_Z
- "STARTING_MONEY" is how much money a player starts with when they create an island. Players who join islands are not given money to prevent abuse.
- "GENERATE_ORES" differentiates between the old style, all dirt islands, and new islands with stone and randomly generated ore. GENERATE_ORES will also make cobblestone generators generate the ores written under the GENERATOR_ORES section.
- "INFINITE_RESETS" determines if users will be able to reset their island more than once.
- "USE_CHATROOMS" choose whether to use island chatrooms, requiring users to /shout to speak to the whole world.
- "USE_ECONOMY" choose whether to use the built-in skyblock economy, or use your own. This will disable everything related to the economy including trading.
- "VOID_INSTANT_DEATH" determines whether players will instantly die when they hit the void.
- "DISABLE_PLAYER_COLLISIONS" determines whether to use player collisions or not.
- "CHEST_ITEMS" are the items that are put in the chests at island creation. They must be formatted as follows: [ITEM]:[AMOUNT] (ex. COBBLESTONE:16 will put a stack of 16 cobblestone in the chest). Here is a list of the material names this plugin uses if you are curious.
- "GENERATOR_ORES" are the ores that are generated by the ore generators along with the chances of each ore to spawn. If they add up to more than 100, the ones past 100 will not be used, and if they add up to lest than 100, cobblestone will fill in the remainder. Used in island generation as well as cobble generation. Format it as [BLOCK]:[PERCENT CHANCE]. Here is a list of the material names this plugin uses if you are curious.
- "KILL_MONEY" is how much money users receive when they kill mobs. Format it as [MOB]:[AMOUNT OF DOLLARS]. Here is a list of all the entity names this plugin uses. "Default" can be used to set the amount of money for all mobs not listed before it. "Monster" can be used for the default amount of money for monsters to give, while "Animals" does the same thing for animals. (Values of default, monster, and animals should be listed first to prevent overriding)
- "LEVEL_PTS" is the amount of island points toward the island levels that are added per block build or removed per block destroy. The island level is calculated from the following equation: sqrt(x)-9, and islands start with 100 points. They must be formatted as [BLOCK]:[AMOUNT OF POINTS]. Here is a list of the material names this plugin uses if you are curious. "Default" can be used to set the value of everything not listed after. (Values of default should be listed first to prevent overriding)
- "data" and all things under it are used by the plugin to determine island bounds and will constantly change. No need to edit these unless you have a serious problem and know what you are doing.
# Special thanks to:
- robertlit: helped with programming.
- Rethink: helped translate the plugin into Chinese.
